Fix typos (#151)
crypto-com/chain-docs: docs/getting-started/transaction.md

| Tx type              | Inputs                 | Outputs                                                                      | Fees involved? | Obfuscated? |
| -------------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------- | ----------- |
| `TransferTx`         | UTXOs                  | UTXOs                                                                        | Yes            | Yes         |

> | `DepositStakeTx`     | UTXOs                  | Deposit to specified account a `bonded` amount                              | Yes            | Yes         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DepositStakeTx`     | UTXOs                  | Deposit to the `bonded` amount of the specified account                              | Yes            | Yes         |
```
